Add Chef Infra Client 15.10 release notes (#2432)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/release_notes.md

### Retired Platforms

  - Chef Infra Clients packages are no longer produced for Windows 2008 R2 as this release reached its end of life on Jan 14th, 2020.

>   - Chef Infra Client packages are no longer produced for RHEL 6 o n the s390x platform.

Reviewer: ?

Author: No clue what happened there. I'm going to blame my kid finding my keyboard

Reviewer: "kid typing" is the new "fat finger" :)

>   - Chef Infra Client packages are no longer produced for RHEL 6 o n the s390x platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Chef Infra Client packages are no longer produced for RHEL 6 on the s390x platform.
```
